>> Welcome to House
of Well-Being.
You're listening to the
Depression Mind Talk audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it
does, I'd just like
to remind you that the
following audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to cause deep relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place
free from distractions where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do apart from close
your eyes, relax and let go,
and enjoy the peaceful feelings
and all the benefits that
come with it.
I'd like you now
to make yourself
as comfortable as possible.
And listen to the
sound of my voice.
And as you do so, you may be
aware of other sounds going on
around you.
But you know that
they're not important.
They don't matter at all,
and you can dismiss them out
of your awareness and
focus your mind entirely
on what I'm saying.
This is your time.
And you make the most of it.
No one needs or wants
anything from you at all.
And I'd like you to
take in a deep breath,
filling your lungs
as much as you can.
And let it out slowly.
And, again, take in
a long, slow breath.
And when you're ready,
let it out slowly.
Now you can allow your
breathing to return
to normal, gentle
breaths in and out,
returning to your normal,
gentle breathing pace.
And I'd like you now
to imagine yourself
outside in your favorite
place in nature.
Maybe it's a peaceful,
tropical beach.
Or it could be a
beautiful garden.
And maybe you can
imagine lying back
on a boat, which is sailing
on a tranquil river.
It really doesn't
matter where you are as
long as it feels good to you.
And it's a beautiful day.
The sky is a special
shade of blue, so clear.
And it's a warm summer's day.
There's a breeze gently
blowing over you.
And the temperature is
just how you like it.
And in the sky is
a dazzling sun,
so bright that you just
want to close your eyes
and feel the glowing, healing
warmth of the sun on your body.
And surprisingly, you find
that you can direct that sun
over and around your body.
And as you realize
this, you begin
to direct the light from
the sun over your face.
You can feel the healing
warmth of the light
from the sun over your face,
just relaxing those muscles
around the eyes, around the
nose, and mouth, and your brow.
And as you do this, you find
that your facial muscles
begin to flatten out
as they relax and you
let go completely.
And it's a beautiful day.
You move the light from the
sun into the throat area,
feeling the warmth of the light
from the sun in your throat,
relaxing all the muscles, just
letting go completely now.
And the warm sunlight now
moving into your shoulders
and across your
shoulders, making them
feel loose, and limp, and
comfortable as your shoulders
sink into the
frame of your body.
And you feel so comfortable
now, so relaxed and at peace.
And you let nothing bother
or concern you at all.
And you direct the
light from the sun
down your right arm
from the shoulders
to the tips of your fingers.
The right arm begins
to relax and let go.
And it's a beautiful feeling
to be here right now.
The warmth of the
light from the sun
penetrates the
nerves, and bones,
and muscles of that right arm.
And it's such a beautiful
day, you move the sun over
to your left arm and guide the
light from the sun down and up
your left arm, from the
top of your shoulders,
all the way down to the
tips of your fingers.
You can feel the left arm
relaxing, becoming comfortably
heavy and totally relaxed.
Now move that warm light
across and into the chest area.
And relax the chest,
all the muscles there.
Now down to the stomach,
relaxing your tummy down
into your hips, and your
thighs, over to your right leg.
The light warms the muscles
as you relax your right leg.
Let it feel comfortable
and heavy now.
Now move the light
from the sun down
your right leg, up and down
from the top of the hips
to the tips of your toes
as the right leg relaxes
and you let go.
And it's such a beautiful
day, you now move the light
into your left leg.
You move it up and down the left
leg from the top of the hips
to the tips of your toes.
And your left leg relaxes,
releasing tension,
letting go now completely.
Your whole body is now
totally and completely relaxed
from the top of your
head all the way down
to the tips of your toes.
And as your body relaxes,
your mind also relaxes.
And I want you now to
notice that the sun is
setting, going down now,
deeper and deeper down.
And you're so deeply
relaxed but still
completely alert and aware.
You resist the temptation
to fall asleep.
Your mind is thoroughly relaxed.
But you stay focused
on these words.
So now I'd like you to
use your imagination.
And once again, you're in a
wonderful place in nature.
The trees are a
beautiful shade of green.
It's a stunning day, and the
sun is shining down on you.
There's a soft and gentle breeze
in the air making you feel
pleasantly relaxed and calm.
All around, you can see trees,
and plants, and an array
of the most beautiful
flowers you have ever seen,
so colorful and vibrant.
And you can smell the rich
aroma of these flowers,
making you feel so peaceful.
Nothing else matters right now.
You feel completely
at ease and so calm.
And in the distance, you
can hear the sound of water
flowing slowly and gently.
The sound of water is helping
you to go more and more deeply
relaxed.
You may feel your muscles
loosening more and more,
relaxing with the beautiful
flowing sound of water.
Out of curiosity, you decide to
follow the sound of the water.
And you feel excited about
where it's leading you,
knowing deep within
yourself, you're
going into a very special
place, a place where you're
going to create some
positive, wonderful,
long-lasting changes.
As you walk slowly
towards the water,
you can hear the sound of
birds singing in the trees.
You feel totally at ease.
As you finally
reach the lake, you
realize it's the most beautiful
vision you've ever seen.
And you're in awe of the
beauty that surrounds you.
The vast lake is
filled with a variety
of colors, rich colors of blues,
turquoise, and light greens.
And it fills your mind and
body with a wave of relaxation.
You may be becoming more relaxed
with each and every breath
you take, feeling more calm,
more peaceful, and more
relaxed than ever before.
Your mind may be
drifting in and out,
just letting go deeper
and deeper still.
You may feel as though your
mind is flowing gently,
flowing gently like the
lake in your imagination.
You look into the distance,
and you can see a wooden bridge
leading over the lake.
You walk towards the bridge,
feeling more and more
deeply relaxed.
As you reach the
bridge, you can see
there are 10 steps leading over
to the other side of the lake.
You slowly start
walking over the bridge,
counting the steps in your mind.
10, 9-- deeper
and deeper still--
8, 7-- all the way down
to relaxation now--
6, 5, and 4-- drifting off
peacefully and easily--
3, 2-- all the way
down, deeply relaxed--
and 1.
You see a comfortable,
padded chair,
and you take a seat,
ready to embrace
the changes to come in your
deep state of relaxation now.
I'd like you now to
imagine or to become aware
of a black mass
inside your stomach.
And this black mass is
the depression, which
you've had for some time now.
And I'm now going to give
you a way of removing
these feelings of
depression, a way that you
can use any time
you feel the need to
both now and in the future.
I'd like you to take in a
long, comfortable breath.
And as you breathe in, I want
you to imagine drawing up
some of this black depression.
Draw it up from your stomach.
And as you breathe
outwards, I want
you to see, or
sense, or simply be
aware of this blackness flowing
out into the air as you exhale.
You can watch as it's engulfed
by the positive energy that's
flowing around you.
The blackness that
you've just exhaled
has now turned into a positive
energy, as once again,
you take a deep,
comfortable, inward breath,
drawing up more of that black
depressive mass from within,
and then breathing
it out once again
to become part of the wonderful,
positive, universal energy
around you.
And you can imagine now
that the energy takes
a form of a healing white
light that shimmers, and glows,
and sparkles, and
radiates around you.
You may notice now that even
after this very short time,
how you're feeling
brighter, and happier,
and perhaps a little
lighter as though any
weights have been lifted
from your shoulders.
And once again, take in
a deep inward breath.
And breathe out
depression, the blackness
exhaling as you breathe out.
And again, it's surrounded
by and overwhelmed by all
the positive energy around you.
And I'd like you now
to continue drawing up
this blackness from within
and breathing it out
as you exhale into the air
to become positive energy.
And do this a few times, as I'm
quiet now for a few moments.
And I'd like you now
to begin to imagine
or to become aware of a
small ball of white light
inside your stomach.
And this ball of light is
only the size of a golf ball.
And it's a healing white light.
And this healing white light
begins to glow brighter.
And it's becoming slightly
warm and comfortable
inside your body.
And you begin to
notice it increasing
to the size of a tennis ball.
Notice now how the light
seems to radiate outwards.
As the healing warmth
begins to spread and radiate
throughout your
body and your mind,
you begin to feel so
calm and peaceful.
And this beautiful,
warm, healing light
now grows and spreads
throughout your entire body.
Feel the warmth and energy
flowing through you,
filling you with feelings
of peace and calm.
And this healing
white light is now
reaching through every
fiber of your being,
radiating and soothing every
area in which it's needed.
And you're so relaxed
and comfortable now
as this healing, white
shimmering light spreads
throughout your entire body.
You feel happy and able to
deal with any difficulty
because you now know that
you can deal effectively
with anyone and everything,
whatever comes your way.
And you find that those
little things that in the past
would previously upset you, they
now just calm and relax you.
And as you continue to
feel the warmth and energy,
this healing, white light
begins to reduce in size,
reducing now back to
the size of a golf ball.
And you're continuing to
feel the positive effects
of this wonderful energy
and well-being within you
from this healing, white light.
And this healing, white
light is within you
always for whenever
you feel it's needed.
And any time in future should
you notice those old feelings
of depression
returning, all you need
to do is begin to take some
slow, comfortable, deep breaths
and begin to exhale
that black depression
and watch as it transforms
into your own positive, healing
energy, that energy white
light that belongs to you
and you alone.
You can then call upon
your healing, white light
to increase your energy
levels and restore
your feelings of peace and
well-being wherever you are,
whatever you're doing,
and whenever you wish to.
All aspects of yourself benefit
from your healing, white light.
And you begin to
feel and continue
to feel the calm
sense of inner peace
that's developing within you.
And you start to realize
that in any situation,
there are so many ways
to view the situation.
Instead of continually
convincing yourself
that everything is
hopeless, you now
consider all the other
options available to you,
helping you to think of a plan
B. You keep yourself busy,
lifting up the phone to
hear friendly voices,
organizing things to
do and people to meet.
You no longer have any
desire to hide away,
ensuring that your new
positive mindset is always
keeping you active and busy.
Perhaps you cut down on your
internet and social media
allowance twofold, as
it may only serve you
for now with limited means.
And as your inner
critic quietens
and a new positive, internal
dialogue is replaced,
you start to remind
yourself more regularly
of all the things
that you're good at,
of all the things that
people love about you,
perhaps occasionally
writing down
all of your wonderful
attributes as you
keep repeating them when that
toxic will of self-hating talk
begins.
I'd like you now to
visualize yourself
thinking of a happy memory.
Picture the memory
in your mind now
and then take yourself
back to this happy time
and feel the emotions
that you felt that time.
Take a moment now to enjoy
and soak up this happy time.
From now on, whenever you
feel any dark feeling starting
to overwhelm you, you think
back to your happy place
and relive that
wonderful experience
to quickly shift your
mood and get you back
into a positive,
happy place, breaking
those negative thinking patterns
and teaching new pathways
within your mind to resolve back
to a positive thinking pattern.
And soon your mind
will stop immediately
going into a deep, dark place
as you're training your mind
to become happier, and calmer,
and much more positive.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from 1 to 5
to awaken you.
And at the count of 5, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling fantastic,
bringing back with you all
the wonderful, new feelings.
So coming back now.
1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
Eyes open when you're ready.